Jihoon: then we can claim that, oh, yeah, we'll help build the prototype so that it clears out those unknowns. Hello guys, I'm here with you 3 more minutes. I'm sorry to have this, then I think that…
Jihoon: Alright, nearly 5 minutes in, so I think we can start.
Jihoon: Can you guys hear me okay?
Jihoon: Okay, cool. Okay, hello everyone, welcome to Fossil Breakout 27. I think today's breakout call will be nice and short, nice and short.
Jihoon: I'd like to share some updates.
Jihoon: It's a bit leggy, is it still leggy for you?
Jihoon: Not sure why.
nflaig: Yeah, maybe it's on my end. But it's good. Oh, it's not good, but it's, fine enough to understand you.
Jihoon: Okay, yeah.
Jihoon: then maybe I can go a little bit slower.
Jihoon: So, for today, I'd like to share some updates on the headliner proposal, and the plan forward that I have in my mind.
Jihoon: Yeah, so we are working on the headliner proposal, which is almost finished. We're gonna share it soon.
Jihoon: Assuming that fossil makes it to Hagota, I'm gonna write a CL spec for Hagota, because what we have today is a PR that specifies fossil on top of Kolas, but what we want is a spec in H-star, so…
Jihoon: We need to work on that, so…
Jihoon: I can also update other specs as well, and then while people are busy with the PBS and other Kalamsterdam EIPs, which I expect
Jihoon: around mid-2026, maybe, we can work on spec tests. So, yeah, this is it from my end. Do we have any questions or anything to discuss?
Jihoon: Or any development updates.
nflaig: So, I guess the question is, when do we plan to rebase fossil on EPBS, maybe?
nflaig: I guess it would be after the first definite, maybe? Or do we plan to have it for the indoor op in May?
Jihoon: What do you think? I, I think it…
Jihoon: it would depend on the maturity of a PBS implementation, right? So, it will happen after Glamsterdam anyway, so…
Jihoon: And that means we don't have to rush.
Jihoon: But from your experience, like, then… would it make sense to try… implementing…
Jihoon: fork N plus 1 while you're working on fork N, and then try interrupt between clients.
Jihoon: Okay, I think…
Jihoon: We didn't have to make a decision today, so we can just see how it goes around, I don't know, mid-March, which I expect.
Jihoon: We can have the first DPBS DevNet by that time, and then we can just check in with other client teams.
Jihoon: How they want to go about this, and then… yeah.
Jihoon: Yeah, I agree with that.
Jihoon: That's why I…
Jihoon: the plan that I have in my mind is, we can just work on spec tests before, we can work on implementation.
Jihoon: Alright, any more questions, or something to discuss?
Jihoon: Otherwise, we can just go ahead and wrap up this call, Ollie, so…
Jihoon: Alright, thank you guys, have a great rest of your day, and see you in Twix!
nflaig: Thanks, ya.
Jihoon: Thank you, bye-bye.
Mehdi Aouadi: Bye.